Add warning about bridged adapter (#24481)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/installation/operating_system.md

    3. Select “Use an existing virtual hard disk file”, select the unzipped VDI file from above
    4. Edit the “Settings” of the VM and go “System” then “Motherboard” and select “Enable EFI”
    5. Then go to “Network” “Adapter 1” choose “Bridged Adapter” and choose your Network adapter
    <div class="note warning">

>     Please keep in mind that the bridged adapter only fuctions over a hardwared ethernet connection
>     using Wi-Fi on your VirtualBox host is unsupported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please keep in mind that the bridged adapter only functions over a hardwired ethernet connection. 
    Using Wi-Fi on your VirtualBox host is unsupported.
```
